Ques - What is a Microservice?
Ans - Individual services performing only single tasks but working together to achieve overall goal.
Microservices refer to a style of application architecture where a collection of independent services communicate through 
lightweight APIs. Each service has its own task.  It’s a flexible and efficient approach to building and operating software.

Ques - What is Monolith Architecture? 
Ans - A monolithic application is built as a single unit. Everything depends on each other. Updating anything in this architecture is 
very tedious task.

Ques - Difference between them?
Ans - Microservice - more efficent, performance increases, less complex

Ques - Why do we need useEffect Hook?
Ans - The useEffect Hook allows you to perform side effects in your components. Some examples of side effects are: 
fetching data, timers. 
For examples - while fetching data, react does not know how much time will it take to fetch the data so it basically does not render 
anything on the screen which obviously is a bad user experience and also affects the rendering process. useEffect is a tool that 
lets us interact with the outside world but not affect the rendering or performance of the component that it's in.

Ques - What is optional Chaining?
Ans - We use a question mark(?) operator. Instead of causing an error if a reference is undefined or null. 
this operator returns undefined. Or if the function does not exist then function calls return undefined.

Ques - What is Shimmer UI?
Ans - A shimmer screen acts as a wireframe of the page, with placeholder boxes for text and images.
A shimmer UI resembles the page’s actual UI, so users will understand how quickly the web or mobile app will load even 
before the content has shown up. It gives people an idea of what’s about to come and what’s happening (it's currently loading) 
when a page full of content/data takes more than 3 - 5 seconds to load. Good UX.

Ques - What is the difference between JS expression or Js statement?
Ans -  Expressions produce a value, and that value will be passed into the function. 
Statements don't produce a value, and so they can't be used as function arguments.

Ques - What is conditional rendering? Explain with example.
Ans - When we want to render based on if conditions. For example - if the data being fetched has not loaded yet we can render shimmer ui 
and after the fetching has been complete we can show the real data.

Ques - What is CORS?
Ans - Corss Origin Resource Sharing - When we try to access something from different domain or origin we get a CORS error. 

Ques - What is async await?
Ans - There’s a special syntax to work with promises in a more comfortable fashion, called “async/await”. 
The word “async” before a function means one simple thing: a function always returns a promise. The keyword await makes JavaScript 
wait until that promise settles and returns its result.

Ques - What is the use of 'const json = await data.json();' in getRestaurant.
Ans - The response object, returned by the await fetch(), is a generic placeholder for multiple data formats.
Now to extract a JSON format we use .json();

 const response = await fetch('/movies');
  const movies = await response.json();