Ques - Is JSX mandatory for React?
And - No, we can also write React using React.createElement but because it becomes too complex in 
large scale apps hence JSX came.

Ques - Is ES6 mandatory for React?
Ans - No, because React components can also be written using create-react-class module but because 
it becomes too complex and for peformance optimisations, code readability in large scale apps hence ES6 came.

Ques - How can I write comments in JSX?
Ans -  {/* comments */}

Ques - What is <React.Fragment></React.Fragment> & <></>?
Ans - Both are same. When we don't want to add another container/wrapper in the DOM we use fragments.They 
are used to group elements togther without affecting DOM.

Ques - What is Virtual DOM?
Ans - It is a copy of orignal DOM. And original DOM is just object representation
of HTML elements(UI) grouped togther. 

Ques - What is Reconciliation in react?
Ans - We know DOM manipulation is very expensive. Reconciliation is a process where react compares the 
state of previous virtual dom with the new virtual dom and then updates only that part in 
original dom where the state has been changed. React becomes faster because of this process.

Ques - What is React Fibre?
Ans - Introduced in react 16. New implementation of older react reconsiliation algo.


Ques - Why do we need keys in react?
Ans - Keys are basically used when we render a list. Suppose we have a list of cards without keys and we have changed the state of few cards.
(changing the background color) I will reorder those cards. Since cards does not have keys react will treat them same and after reordering
it will change the state of other cards. (React will compare both the old and new virtual dom and when it doesn't find keys it will unmount the
old list , mount a new list and then renders it without exactly knowing the cards whoese state has been changed.)


Ques - Can we use index as keys?
Ans - Yes we can but it is bad practise. React recommends that we should do not use indexes as keys, 
since it could impact performance negatively and could lead to some unstable component behaviour. 
When we do not have external ids React uses index as keys. 


Ques - What are props in react?
Ans - Props are propertiese(normal args) which are being passed from parent to child component.

Ques - What is Config driven UI?
Ans - Controlling UI based on data given by backend.