Ques - What is emmet?
Ans - It is a vs code plugin for faster development. It takes the abbreviations
or small expressions and dynamically converts them into full code.
This plugin can ace our js,html,css,react development. 
For exmaple :
Just by typing html:5 in .html file we can get a HTML5 structure.

Ques - Difference between library and framework?
Ans - A framework is fully flegged which means it has all the necessary pre defined 
libararies for it to work on the other hand a library depends on external packages 
for some of it functionality.
For example:
React uses reactRouter(external package) for navigation while
angular has built in navigation.

Ques - What is cdn?Why do we use it?
Ans - Cdn stand for Content Delivery Network.The name itselfs explains a bit that the goal
is to deliever the content securely in fastest,cheapest way. When lot of users access a particular
content at the same time the web page gets crashes so to avoid this cdn is used. It basically
caches the content and stores in the nearest network point so that all the load is 
distributed from a single server and the server can also works effectively.
Advantages of using cdn is it improves websites loading time due to contribution of data,
bandwidth reduction costs, content is easily avaialable and finally security.

Ques - What is cross-origin in the script tag?
Ans - When we want to access the content which is from different domain (the content is hosted on
different server) we need cross-origin attribute.

Ques - What is the difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files
via CDN?
Ans - The first one is used for development purpose. It has hot reloading feature or live debugging
while the latter one does'nt have anything like this because it's purpose is to give
clean, optimised, minified build. When the app is live we want our app to work smoothly and fast.

Ques - What are async and defer?
Ans - These are attributes used in script tag. When a web page loads 2 things happen - HTML parsing and
& Loading of Scripts(fetching ad executing).When we use async attribute scripts are fetched asynchronously
from network in parallel with HTML parsing. As soon as they are fetched, they are executed while
the parsing is paused. And when the execution of scripts are completed the parsing continues.
In defer attribute both the HTML Parsing and scripts fetching occurs in parallel. All the script are executed
only after HTML Parsing is completed. Defer attribute maintains the order of scripts while async doesn't.  

